listen now the first time we did this
video
it got hit multiple times by the studio
so not only is a reminder to the studio
intern that hey it's a review
uh and i could prove it because y'all
did the main part that they claimed the
first time around was the literal
critique of a scene
and not anything else that showcase
footage like i can't even make this up
they really wanted me to keep in the
part where i say but the restaurant
scene yeah i love it but then time
stamped it so that i had to cut out
everything
after that conveniently from this point
and hate it at the same time
up to the entire critique when i'm
giving my point so studio intern
stop being lame and quit ghost in my
video now back to me
i still remember when this movie had
come out in theaters they had a hashtag
on twitter that was only visible if you
were in dark mode meaning that everyone
on light mode couldn't see anything
like always but this movie also spawned
from the disaster that was the universal
monsters cinematic universe
pretty much at that point every studio
wanted their own marvelous franchise but
none of them knew how to get it they all
took pictures though if you recall
universal's plan started with the mummy
which they couldn't even sink the
audio for in the trailers
so instead of having javier bardem play
frankenstein
that play the invisible man and russell
crowe play himself they went to their
boy blum
and when jason heard he'd save money on
effect since there wasn't going to be
anything there he said sign me up it was
a lack of visual effects that would make
it special like just pointing the camera
in an empty room
you know the emptiness is the special
effect or more accurately the audience's
imagination
is the special effect they can conjure
up in their minds something
far more terrifying than you can
physically conjure up that said we know
not every movie in blum's house
always delivers many times because of
the cheaper budget but when you trick
when you get a professional like lee one
out who did saw who booted up the
insidious franchise
how he had just done upgrade for less
than half the budget of this movie
then there's hope so not only did lee
make a great movie
but dude knew how to spend that budget
so well that he had enough left over to
prank blum
that was a scene that was cut yeah it
was the most expensive scene that was
shot on the whole movie i just found out
he cut it no it wasn't
you think i'd know but i didn't that's a
combo price from me
let me explain so in case you haven't
seen the movie
i highly recommend it and i highly
recommend going in blind so major
spoiler
warning right here but just know that
mas is like moses from nets declassified
she never turns in a bad project i did
um a small part in jordan peels movie s
okay and that was where i sort of
discovered like oh this is my genre
because basically you can do like the
craziest and everyone
loves it so a quick recap we follow an
architect named cecilia
or c if you want to be on the nose who's
trapped in an abusive relationship with
a tech mogul named adrian
obviously he's not in it for a lot of it
but some of you may remember oliver
cohen from the haunting of hill house
and
now he's haunting his house so c decides
to run away one night with her sister in
order to escape all of this manipulation
which i guess was so effective that some
people were even on adrian's side at the
end of the movie
nah i'm not one to deny someone's
interpretation of a film
i'm just someone who saw adrian turn
into rocky in the trailer
i'm not saying that a future sequel
can't wreck on it since you know
nowadays
everybody does that but considering the
research the team did with this one
adrian may be good looking but he ain't
good in fact this dude's so crazy that
he fakes his death
engineers his own harry potter cloak
suit and then decides to stalk his wife
by ruining her as creepy as it is and
you know trust me the sound design in
this movie makes it feel like they have
someone standing on the corner of the
bedroom or
behind you but it is to some degree
funny like does griffin have a syllabus
as he's
wandering around the house on wednesday
the only thing he has to do is start a
fire
thursday snap a pic friday play in the
attic he ends up sabotaging her
interview
even returns her pills from beyond the
grave and that's the point where
you know i would have just scooby-doo'd
myself in the room with some booby traps
and
documented everything from my phone for
proof but it really showcases the
message of the movie where the elite
feel that power and money buy you people
previous incarnations and inspirations
of griffin always had us following the
invisible man
but by switching to the victim's
perspective everything is way creepier
you know he's manipulating her
medication
gaslighting her just by being a wealthy
tech exec who
funded the company from upgrade he's
able to get away with so much
and so we get a story that both lee and
moss did extensive research for
so you know i really hope they don't
backtrack it for sequels
i think they do a very effective job
with building that tension in
perspective in the first
act i don't know what happened during
this act right here but then i think it
has a dope ending the best part of the
middle section
it it has to be the stunt work it's like
it looks like a giant green condom
uh-huh so you have this like giant green
condom coming at you which is scary
yeah sure moss had a robotic camera
follow her and her stunt woman getting
shocked by kermit while they were doing
their scenes while aldous hodges
actually threw himself for his
i did a fight scene with a stunt double
but this guy
did a fight see with himself
it was incredible honestly
it was unbelievable like honestly look
at hodges like
really look at how just tell me an
invisible suit is gonna give you
invincible strength
he could have taken griffin and his
brother my eyes closed
that and the fact that nobody knew how
to hold a weapon in this movie was like
really irking me
i'll give moss a pass obviously but an
issued officer
have none of y'all seen collateral where
things go really haywire is when adrian
makes them think that c
knocked the crap out of sydney and when
her and her sister split the bill
look setting up the sydney slap is crazy
because at that point
who's going to believe that your ex is
walking around in a state-of-the-art
optical cloaking device with a syllabi
of pranks enough
but the restaurant scene yo i love it
and hate it at the same time it's got
that shock factor that made my recliner
take an extra
step back but where is this knife at
this point the sister notices right
we're gonna go frame by frame
she notices it here the knife is clearly
easily it's behind cecilia at this point
but then it slices across the table and
now it's on the sister's right
but then it shoots from the sisters left
right into c's hand who
how i damn near was playing a game of
twister wondering how the invisible man
was
was weaving his knife around this table
but since c held it sturdy and taylor
finally stopped checking out the table
c gets sent to a ward for killing your
sister they dress her in yeezy eights
and then we realize that the brother has
been in on this the whole time
we'll be watching maybe there is a third
suit and they were just playing catcher
but
when you first meet him you actually
feel sympathetic for the brother because
he was probably always abused and you
know he was even led to believe that his
brother died only for him to come back
and bamboozle him and then i realized
this dude legit was gonna go kill a
little girl when he already had the
invisible suit
you're just as guilty you're just the
jellyfish version of him
everything but the spine then we go
bonkers while the invisible man is in
the room
c cuts a two inch wound to get his
attention she stabs him like crazy just
for him to be fine but he conveniently
causes the suit to glitch
whenever it's convenient like i love the
blocking going on here
minus the social distancing that this
man is doing with his gun but it was
that glitching that seemed to be
you know convenient whenever they needed
it to be as c escapes as a lawyer
brother lies dead in one of the
invisible suits
adrian somehow finds a way to tie
himself up and pinch everything on the
brother as if he was also a victim
and while i'd question why they didn't
check his fresh wounds they also left
the dog behind this whole time so
cece's to it she returns home to
confront adrian who surprised is
obviously still a scumbag
he's making sure not to get anything on
tape for james who's outside
but c knows you can't see audio so she
puts on the second suit hidden in the
bathroom
and finally splits up with adrian i just
i hope the cops don't figure out the
other suit cause then you're screwed
with this footage
dracula is supposed to be terrifying you
know now i watch cartoons where
he's voiced by adam sandler right it's
it's more of a it's more of a cartoonish
thing now the cape
and the voice i think i think there is a
way to make these characters scary again
that's why they've lasted so long
it is crazy to think how disgusting and
vow we make villains but audiences are
always so compelled by them
like you know that if netflix had the
rights of this they would have focused
on the mind of adrian
instead and he is just his disturbed
genius luckily they flipped the switch
here and we don't have to follow another
creepy kevin bacon doing
creepy kevin bacon things and i think
they were going to have johnny depp do
this
but i love how universal execs are no
longer get this
hearing pitches and reading scripts that
tie monsters together
and instead are telling filmmakers that
storytelling is the star
yet don't say i am always going to be a
bigger fan of the filmmaker driven
approach over
you know paying big name actors just to
be on the poster and if it means that
more movies like this
over the mummy will get made then i'm
all for it supposedly they have in the
works paul feig directing a dark army
movie dexter fletcher and robert kirkman
are handling a movie about dracula's
henchmen
james juan is producing the new
frankenstein amy pascal wants sam raimi
to do bride of frankenstein
and even elizabeth is hoping to bank on
her version of the invisible woman which
she's directing
producing and starring in unrelated to
the movie as of now but as for the
invisible man
it may have its glitches here and there
but the atmosphere
performances and suspense is all there
telling the story of a woman who no
longer has to lay awake at night
but can finally close her eyes and be
free
thank you guys for checking out this
video i'm kissing your thoughts down
below in the comments section as always
big shout out to these guys for
releasing it
you can catch it early out of all the
movies that are out right now i'd say um
this would probably be one of my
favorites
i don't know how they're gonna do the
oscars this year imagine all the movies
come out
and this this sweeps the oscars just
gets all the categories
uh maybe rich brian will be available
for a nomination because it was really
cool that he had a song on here that
that was featured um i also really liked
the gorgeous backdrop for the opening
credits i
thought it looked beautiful probably
worth half the budget right there
um but i thought it was an interesting
movie again uh there definitely is like
a theming to the movie about
abuse so i don't i don't see it being as
open interpretation like other people do
i know some people had the question
about like whether she keeps the baby
and
up to her but i'm curious to see what
people think about this movie
moss had also mentioned being up for a
marvel movie she just
hasn't been asked surprisingly but uh
she mentioned wanting to be a villain
and that would be insane i would love
for her to be like the next daniels that
they're building up to
um but other than that occasionally your
thoughts it'll be interesting
considering blumhouse's
average so far for this year in my
opinion is a one to two
but they still got some other stuff
coming out uh until then hear some of
your thoughts on this
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and that person at the door
will leave